Typescript  :-  Strong Typing
		Object-Orient Features
		Compile Time Error
		Great Tooling

Typescript :- Is a super set (super srcipit ) of java script.

Typescript need transpile code in Java Script. ( in cmd tsc file name)



Angular 1.0 vs Angular 2.0

Angular 1.0 is the first version of Angular Js . It follows MVC structure i.e Model,View and Controller then
 Angular 2.0 released there has been drastic change in Angular 1.0 to Angular 2.0 versions.Following are the points:-

Angular 1.0 uses JavaScript,ES5 and ES6 Where as Angular 2.0 uses Typescript.It is the Subset of JavaScript.so,
Typescript is the major Released.Angular 2.0 supports typescript 2.0 and ES6.


 Angular 1.0 is not mobile Oriented Where Angular 2 .0 is mobile Oriented.



Single Page Application :- A single-page application (SPA) is a web application or website that interacts with the user by 
dynamically rewriting the current web page with new data from the web server,
 instead of the default method of a web browser loading entire new pages.

Pros of the Single-Page Application:
SPA is fast, as most resources (HTML+CSS+Scripts) are only loaded once throughout the lifespan of application. Only data is transmitted back and forth.
The development is simplified and streamlined. There is no need to write code to render pages on the server. It is much easier to get started because 
you can usually kick off development from a file file://URI, without using any server at all.
SPAs are easy to debug with Chrome, as you can monitor network operations, investigate page elements and data associated with it.
It’s easier to make a mobile application because the developer can reuse the same backend code for web application and native mobile application.
SPA can cache any local storage effectively. An application sends only one request, store all data, then it can use this data and works even offline.

Cons of the Single-Page Application:
It requires JavaScript to be present and enabled. If any user disables JavaScript in his or her browser,
 it won’t be possible to present application and its actions in a correct way.
It is slow to download because heavy client frameworks are required to be loaded to the client.


Multi-Page Application

Multiple-page applications work in a “traditional” way. Every change eg. display the data or submit data back to server
 requests rendering a new page from the server in the browser. These applications are large,
 bigger than SPAs because they need to be. Due to the amount of content, these applications have many levels of UI.

Pros of the Multiple-Page Application:
It’s the perfect approach for users who need a visual map of where to go in the application. 
Solid, few level menu navigation is an essential part of traditional Multi-Page Application.

Very good and easy for proper SEO management. It gives better chances to rank for different keywords since 
an application can be optimized for one keyword per page.

Cons of the multiple-page application:

Frontend and backend development are tightly coupled.

The development becomes quite complex. The developer needs to use frameworks for either client and server side.
 This results in the longer time of application development.


